.TH "Symfony::Components::Console::Output::StreamOutput" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Symfony::Components::Console::Output::StreamOutput \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBSymfony::Components::Console::Output::Output\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBConsoleOutput\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ($stream, $verbosity=self::VERBOSITY_NORMAL, $decorated=null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetStream\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdoWrite\fP ($message, $newline)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhasColorSupport\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$stream\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 29 of file StreamOutput.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct ($stream, $verbosity = \fCself::VERBOSITY_NORMAL\fP, $decorated = \fCnull\fP)"Constructor.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$stream\fP A stream resource 
.br
\fI$verbosity\fP The verbosity level (self::VERBOSITY_QUIET, self::VERBOSITY_NORMAL, self::VERBOSITY_VERBOSE) 
.br
\fI$decorated\fP Whether to decorate messages or not (null for auto-guessing)
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\InvalidArgumentException\fP When first argument is not a real stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file StreamOutput.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "doWrite ($message, $newline)"Writes a message to the output.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$message\fP A message to write to the output 
.br
\fI$newline\fP Whether to add a newline or not
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\RuntimeException\fP When unable to write output (should never happen) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBOutput\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file StreamOutput.php.
.SS "getStream ()"Gets the stream attached to this \fBStreamOutput\fP instance.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
resource A stream resource 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file StreamOutput.php.
.SS "hasColorSupport ()\fC [protected]\fP"Returns true if the stream supports colorization.
.PP
Colorization is disabled if not supported by the stream:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
windows without ansicon
.IP "\(bu" 2
non tty consoles
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Boolean true if the stream supports colorization, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 97 of file StreamOutput.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
