.TH "Symfony::Components::Console::Tester::ApplicationTester" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Symfony::Components::Console::Tester::ApplicationTester \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP (Application $application)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrun\fP (array $input, $options=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetDisplay\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetInput\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetOutput\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$application\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$display\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$input\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$output\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 23 of file ApplicationTester.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct (Application $application)"Constructor.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$application\fP A Application instance to test. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file ApplicationTester.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "getDisplay ()"Gets the display returned by the last execution of the application.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The display 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file ApplicationTester.php.
.SS "getInput ()"Gets the input instance used by the last execution of the application.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
InputInterface The current input instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 89 of file ApplicationTester.php.
.SS "getOutput ()"Gets the output instance used by the last execution of the application.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
OutputInterface The current output instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file ApplicationTester.php.
.SS "run (array $input, $options = \fCarray()\fP)"Executes the application.
.PP
Available options:
.PP
* interactive: Sets the input interactive flag * decorated: Sets the output decorated flag * verbosity: Sets the output verbosity flag
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$input\fP An array of arguments and options 
.br
\fI$options\fP An array of options 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 52 of file ApplicationTester.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
