.TH "Symfony::Components::Console::Input::InputDefinition" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Symfony::Components::Console::Input::InputDefinition \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP (array $definition=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetDefinition\fP (array $definition)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetArguments\fP ($arguments=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddArguments\fP ($arguments=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddArgument\fP (\fBInputArgument\fP $argument)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetArgument\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhasArgument\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetArguments\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetArgumentCount\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetArgumentRequiredCount\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetArgumentDefaults\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetOptions\fP ($options=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddOptions\fP ($options=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddOption\fP (\fBInputOption\fP $option)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetOption\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhasOption\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetOptions\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhasShortcut\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetOptionForShortcut\fP ($shortcut)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetOptionDefaults\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetSynopsis\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBasText\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBasXml\fP ($asDom=false)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshortcutToName\fP ($shortcut)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$arguments\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$requiredCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$hasAnArrayArgument\fP = false"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$hasOptional\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$options\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$shortcuts\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 28 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct (array $definition = \fCarray()\fP)"Constructor.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$definition\fP An array of \fBInputArgument\fP and \fBInputOption\fP instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "addArgument (\fBInputArgument\fP $argument)"Add an \fBInputArgument\fP object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$argument\fP An \fBInputArgument\fP object
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\LogicException\fP When incorrect argument is given 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 97 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "addArguments ($arguments = \fCarray()\fP)"Add an array of \fBInputArgument\fP objects.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIInputArgument[]\fP $arguments An array of \fBInputArgument\fP objects 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 81 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "addOption (\fBInputOption\fP $option)"Add an \fBInputOption\fP object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$option\fP An \fBInputOption\fP object
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\LogicException\fP When option given already exist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 234 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "addOptions ($options = \fCarray()\fP)"Add an array of \fBInputOption\fP objects.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIInputOption[]\fP $options An array of \fBInputOption\fP objects 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 220 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "asText ()"Returns a textual representation of the \fBInputDefinition\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string A string representing the \fBInputDefinition\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 370 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "asXml ($asDom = \fCfalse\fP)"Returns an XML representation of the \fBInputDefinition\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$asDom\fP Whether to return a DOM or an XML string
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string|DOMDocument An XML string representing the \fBInputDefinition\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 426 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getArgument ($name)"Returns an \fBInputArgument\fP by name or by position.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The \fBInputArgument\fP name or position
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBInputArgument\fP An \fBInputArgument\fP object
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\InvalidArgumentException\fP When argument given doesn't exist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 133 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getArgumentCount ()"Returns the number of InputArguments.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
integer The number of InputArguments 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 173 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getArgumentDefaults ()"Gets the default values.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array An array of default values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 193 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getArgumentRequiredCount ()"Returns the number of required InputArguments.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
integer The number of required InputArguments 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 183 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getArguments ()"Gets the array of \fBInputArgument\fP objects.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array An array of \fBInputArgument\fP objects 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 163 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getOption ($name)"Returns an \fBInputOption\fP by name.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The \fBInputOption\fP name
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBInputOption\fP A \fBInputOption\fP object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 255 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getOptionDefaults ()"Gets an array of default values.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array An array of all default values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 313 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getOptionForShortcut ($shortcut)"Gets an \fBInputOption\fP by shortcut.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBInputOption\fP An \fBInputOption\fP object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 303 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getOptions ()"Gets the array of \fBInputOption\fP objects.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array An array of \fBInputOption\fP objects 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 281 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "getSynopsis ()"Gets the synopsis.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The synopsis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 346 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "hasArgument ($name)"Returns true if an \fBInputArgument\fP object exists by name or position.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The \fBInputArgument\fP name or position
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Boolean true if the \fBInputArgument\fP object exists, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 151 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "hasOption ($name)"Returns true if an \fBInputOption\fP object exists by name.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The \fBInputOption\fP name
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Boolean true if the \fBInputOption\fP object exists, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 271 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "hasShortcut ($name)"Returns true if an \fBInputOption\fP object exists by shortcut.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The \fBInputOption\fP shortcut
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Boolean true if the \fBInputOption\fP object exists, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 293 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "setArguments ($arguments = \fCarray()\fP)"Sets the \fBInputArgument\fP objects.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$arguments\fP An array of \fBInputArgument\fP objects 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 68 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "setOptions ($options = \fCarray()\fP)"Sets the \fBInputOption\fP objects.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$options\fP An array of \fBInputOption\fP objects 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 208 of file InputDefinition.php.
.SS "shortcutToName ($shortcut)\fC [protected]\fP"Returns the \fBInputOption\fP name given a shortcut.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$shortcut\fP The shortcut
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The \fBInputOption\fP name
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\InvalidArgumentException\fP When option given does not exist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 332 of file InputDefinition.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
