.TH "Symfony::Components::Console::Command::Command" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Symfony::Components::Console::Command::Command \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBHelpCommand\fP, \fBListCommand\fP, and \fBBaseCommand\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ($name=null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetApplication\fP (Application $application=null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrun\fP (\fBInputInterface\fP $input, \fBOutputInterface\fP $output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetCode\fP (\\Closure $code)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetDefinition\fP ($definition)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetDefinition\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddArgument\fP ($name, $mode=null, $description= '', $default=null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddOption\fP ($name, $shortcut=null, $mode=null, $description= '', $default=null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetName\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetNamespace\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetName\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetFullName\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetDescription\fP ($description)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetDescription\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetHelp\fP ($help)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetHelp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetProcessedHelp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetAliases\fP ($aliases)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetAliases\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetSynopsis\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__get\fP ($name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBasText\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBasXml\fP ($asDom=false)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfigure\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexecute\fP (\fBInputInterface\fP $input, \fBOutputInterface\fP $output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinteract\fP (\fBInputInterface\fP $input, \fBOutputInterface\fP $output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinitialize\fP (\fBInputInterface\fP $input, \fBOutputInterface\fP $output)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmergeApplicationDefinition\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetHelper\fP ($name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$namespace\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$aliases\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$definition\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$help\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$application\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$description\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$ignoreValidationErrors\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$applicationDefinitionMerged\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$code\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 28 of file Command.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct ($name = \fCnull\fP)"Constructor.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The name of the command
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\LogicException\fP When the command name is empty 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Command.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__get ($name)"Gets a helper instance by name.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The helper name
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mixed The helper value
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\InvalidArgumentException\fP if the helper is not defined 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 447 of file Command.php.
.SS "addArgument ($name, $mode = \fCnull\fP, $description = \fC''\fP, $default = \fCnull\fP)"Adds an argument.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The argument name 
.br
\fI$mode\fP The argument mode: InputArgument::REQUIRED or InputArgument::OPTIONAL 
.br
\fI$description\fP A description text 
.br
\fI$default\fP The default value (for InputArgument::OPTIONAL mode only)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCommand\fP The current instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 229 of file Command.php.
.SS "addOption ($name, $shortcut = \fCnull\fP, $mode = \fCnull\fP, $description = \fC''\fP, $default = \fCnull\fP)"Adds an option.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The option name 
.br
\fI$shortcut\fP The shortcut (can be null) 
.br
\fI$mode\fP The option mode: self::PARAMETER_REQUIRED, self::PARAMETER_NONE or self::PARAMETER_OPTIONAL 
.br
\fI$description\fP A description text 
.br
\fI$default\fP The default value (must be null for self::PARAMETER_REQUIRED or self::PARAMETER_NONE)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCommand\fP The current instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 247 of file Command.php.
.SS "asText ()"Returns a text representation of the command.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string A string representing the command 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 457 of file Command.php.
.SS "asXml ($asDom = \fCfalse\fP)"Returns an XML representation of the command.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$asDom\fP Whether to return a DOM or an XML string
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string|DOMDocument An XML string representing the command 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 486 of file Command.php.
.SS "configure ()\fC [protected]\fP"Configures the current command. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBBaseCommand\fP, \fBHelpCommand\fP, and \fBListCommand\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file Command.php.
.SS "execute (\fBInputInterface\fP $input, \fBOutputInterface\fP $output)\fC [protected]\fP"Executes the current command.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$input\fP An InputInterface instance 
.br
\fI$output\fP An OutputInterface instance
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
integer 0 if everything went fine, or an error code
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\LogicException\fP When this abstract class is not implemented 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBHelpCommand\fP, and \fBListCommand\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file Command.php.
.SS "getAliases ()"Returns the aliases for the command.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array An array of aliases for the command 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 409 of file Command.php.
.SS "getDefinition ()"Gets the InputDefinition attached to this \fBCommand\fP.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
InputDefinition An InputDefinition instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 214 of file Command.php.
.SS "getDescription ()"Returns the description for the command.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The description for the command 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 339 of file Command.php.
.SS "getFullName ()"Returns the fully qualified command name.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The fully qualified command name 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 315 of file Command.php.
.SS "getHelp ()"Returns the help for the command.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The help for the command 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 363 of file Command.php.
.SS "getHelper ($name)\fC [protected]\fP"Gets a helper instance by name.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The helper name
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mixed The helper value
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\InvalidArgumentException\fP if the helper is not defined 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 433 of file Command.php.
.SS "getName ()"Returns the command name
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The command name 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 305 of file Command.php.
.SS "getNamespace ()"Returns the command namespace.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The command namespace 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 295 of file Command.php.
.SS "getProcessedHelp ()"Returns the processed help for the command replacing the command.name% and command.full_name% patterns with the real values dynamically.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The processed help for the command 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 374 of file Command.php.
.SS "getSynopsis ()"Returns the synopsis for the command.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string The synopsis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 419 of file Command.php.
.SS "initialize (\fBInputInterface\fP $input, \fBOutputInterface\fP $output)\fC [protected]\fP"Initializes the command just after the input has been validated.
.PP
This is mainly useful when a lot of commands extends one main command where some things need to be initialized based on the input arguments and options.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$input\fP An InputInterface instance 
.br
\fI$output\fP An OutputInterface instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 117 of file Command.php.
.SS "interact (\fBInputInterface\fP $input, \fBOutputInterface\fP $output)\fC [protected]\fP"Interacts with the user.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$input\fP An InputInterface instance 
.br
\fI$output\fP An OutputInterface instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 104 of file Command.php.
.SS "mergeApplicationDefinition ()\fC [protected]\fP"Merges the application definition with the command definition. 
.PP
Definition at line 173 of file Command.php.
.SS "run (\fBInputInterface\fP $input, \fBOutputInterface\fP $output)"Runs the command.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$input\fP An InputInterface instance 
.br
\fI$output\fP An OutputInterface instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 127 of file Command.php.
.SS "setAliases ($aliases)"Sets the aliases for the command.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$aliases\fP An array of aliases for the command
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCommand\fP The current instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 397 of file Command.php.
.SS "setApplication (Application $application = \fCnull\fP)"Sets the application instance for this command.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$application\fP An Application instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file Command.php.
.SS "setCode (\\Closure $code)"Sets the code to execute when running this command.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\Closure\fP $code A 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCommand\fP The current instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 163 of file Command.php.
.SS "setDefinition ($definition)"Sets an array of argument and option instances.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$definition\fP An array of argument and option instances or a definition instance
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCommand\fP The current instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 196 of file Command.php.
.SS "setDescription ($description)"Sets the description for the command.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$description\fP The description for the command
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCommand\fP The current instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 327 of file Command.php.
.SS "setHelp ($help)"Sets the help for the command.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$help\fP The help for the command
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCommand\fP The current instance 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 351 of file Command.php.
.SS "setName ($name)"Sets the name of the command.
.PP
This method can set both the namespace and the name if you separate them by a colon (:)
.PP
$command->setName('foo:bar');
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP The command name
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCommand\fP The current instance
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\\InvalidArgumentException\fP When command name given is empty 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 268 of file Command.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
