.TH "Utopia::Components::Model::MysqliQuery" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Utopia::Components::Model::MysqliQuery \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdistinct\fP ($bool=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvalues\fP ($mixed)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBduplicatekey\fP ($mixed)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfrom\fP ($mixed)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBleftJoin\fP ($table, $on)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBwhere\fP ($mixed, $value='__NOTHING__', $if=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBorWhere\fP ($mixed, $value='__NOTHING__', $if=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBset\fP ($mixed, $value='')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhaving\fP ($mixed)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgroup\fP ($mixed)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBorder\fP ($mixed, $order='DESC')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimit\fP ($int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoffset\fP ($mixed, $value='', $order='DESC')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetSql\fP ($spec=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetParams\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetStmtIdx\fP ($params)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetOperation\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBselect\fP ($mixed='*')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBinsert\fP ($table)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBdelete\fP ($table)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBupdate\fP ($table)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$_op\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$_dirty\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ($op)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgenSelectStmt\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgenInsertStmt\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgenDeleteStmt\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgenUpdateStmt\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 4 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct ($op)\fC [protected]\fP"internal constructor
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$op\fP query operation 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 65 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static delete ($table)\fC [static]\fP"entry for delete statements
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$table\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "distinct ($bool = \fCtrue\fP)"distinct flag
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$bool\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 104 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "duplicatekey ($mixed)"INSERT: on duplicate update keys
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP key| array of keys to update 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "from ($mixed)"SELECT: from
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 150 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "getParams ()"return array of parameters
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 399 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "getSql ($spec = \fCarray()\fP)"main function call to get sql
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$spec\fP database specification
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 384 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "group ($mixed)"SELECT: group
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 276 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "having ($mixed)"SELECT: having
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 261 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "static insert ($table)\fC [static]\fP"entry to insert statements
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$table\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "leftJoin ($table, $on)"SELECT: left join Enter description here ... 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$table\fP 
.br
\fI$on\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 172 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "limit ($int)"SELECT: limit
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$int\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 319 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "offset ($mixed, $value = \fC''\fP, $order = \fC'DESC'\fP)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$int\fP SELECT: offset will replace with where for best practice if sufficient info is obtained
.br
\fI$mixed\fP int or key or field:value 
.br
\fI$value\fP value to offset 
.br
\fI$order\fP asc/desc 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 343 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "order ($mixed, $order = \fC'DESC'\fP)"SELECT: order by
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP key or order array 
.br
\fI$order\fP asc/desc 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 299 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "orWhere ($mixed, $value = \fC'__NOTHING__'\fP, $if = \fCtrue\fP)"to enter to new set of OR relationship in where clause
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP where key or array of wheres 
.br
\fI$value\fP key value 
.br
\fI$if\fP to identify resursive where 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 233 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "reset ()"reset inserted parameters
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
$this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 77 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "static select ($mixed = \fC'*'\fP)\fC [static]\fP"entry for select statements
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarray|string\fP field(s) to select 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 16 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "set ($mixed, $value = \fC''\fP)"INSERT|UPDATE: set
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP key or set array 
.br
\fI$value\fP key value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 245 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "static update ($table)\fC [static]\fP"entry for update statements
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$table\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 54 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "values ($mixed)"INSERT|UPDATE: values
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 116 of file MysqliQuery.php.
.SS "where ($mixed, $value = \fC'__NOTHING__'\fP, $if = \fCtrue\fP)"INSERT|UPDATE|SELECT|DELETE: where clause
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$mixed\fP where key or array of wheres 
.br
\fI$value\fP key value 
.br
\fI$if\fP to identify resursive where 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 186 of file MysqliQuery.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
