.TH "Utopia::Components::Http::BaseController" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Utopia::Components::Http::BaseController \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP (ServiceContainer $sc, \fBAutoload\fP $autoload)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__call\fP ($name, $arguments)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexecute\fP (\fBApiApplication\fP $api)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetName\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetDescription\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetSpec\fP ($filters=array())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetAccepts\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetExternal\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetReturnStatus\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBacceptUrl\fP ($event)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetUrlRegex\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBOKAY\fP = 200"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBERROR\fP = -1"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbaseAcceptUrl\fP (array $event)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$controllerdetails\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$sc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$autoload\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$data\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file BaseController.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct (ServiceContainer $sc, \fBAutoload\fP $autoload)"constructor 
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file BaseController.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__call ($name, $arguments)"handles all asXXX() function calls 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP 
.br
\fI$arguments\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file BaseController.php.
.SS "acceptUrl ($event)"\fBBaseController::baseAcceptUrl\fP has worked on formulating a regular expression to check url and url extracting Additional check will be provided here.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$event\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file BaseController.php.
.SS "baseAcceptUrl (array $event)\fC [protected]\fP"basic check for acceptUrl
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$event\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
false|array 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Array ( [url] => /path/to/dest.php?a=a [method] => GET )
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file BaseController.php.
.SS "execute (\fBApiApplication\fP $api)"main interface with outside
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$api\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
int; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 64 of file BaseController.php.
.SS "getUrlRegex ()"get regex for acceptUrl by settings
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 187 of file BaseController.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
