.TH "Utopia::Components::Http::ModuleApplication" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Utopia::Components::Http::ModuleApplication \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBUtopia::Components::Http::ApiApplication\fP, and \fBUtopia::Components::Http::IApplication\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBPageApplication\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP (ServiceContainer $sc, \fBAutoload\fP $autoload)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__toString\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__call\fP ($name, $argument)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBget\fP ($name, $default=false)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddExternals\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBasHtml\fP ($jscss=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetTemplate\fP ($template)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetTemplate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetScripts\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetStyles\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddScripts\fP ($script)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBaddStyles\fP ($style)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetScriptTags\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetStyleTags\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBregisterModule\fP ($name, \fBModuleApplication\fP $module)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetModules\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetModuleValue\fP ($name, $default=false)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$event_name\fP = 'core.module.controllers'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$dataSpec\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$pattern\fP = '/^(?#Protocol)(?:(?:ht|f)tp(?:s?)\\:\\/\\/|~\\/|\\/)/'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file ModuleController.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct (ServiceContainer $sc, \fBAutoload\fP $autoload)"constructor
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$sc\fP 
.br
\fI$autoload\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBApiApplication\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file ModuleController.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__call ($name, $argument)"just to catch fatal errors in the meantime
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP 
.br
\fI$argument\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBApiApplication\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBPageApplication\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "__toString ()"prints HTML when prining this object
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
html string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 41 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "addExternals ()"Some styles/scripts will be added from 'addStyles' and 'addScripts' others are located in the config yaml string at each controller this function is fetch and add them
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
$this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 91 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "asHtml ($jscss = \fCtrue\fP)"return HTML from execution results and template
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$jscss\fP whether to incl js/css
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 154 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "get ($name, $default = \fCfalse\fP)"get api output if it is begginning with 'apis>' get modules output if it is begginning with 'modules>'
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBApiApplication\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "getModules ()"get all modules beneathes this module, for all levels
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 377 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "getModuleValue ($name, $default = \fCfalse\fP)"get Module info if api is not yet run, run it
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImixed\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 400 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "getScriptTags ()"formulate css tags from style inputs recursively find all scripts from underlying modules
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 267 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "getStyleTags ()"formulate css tags from style inputs
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 305 of file ModuleController.php.
.SS "registerModule ($name, \fBModuleApplication\fP $module)"provides ability for module to call other modules
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$name\fP alias for the api 
.br
\fI$module\fP module to register
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
$this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 350 of file ModuleController.php.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$dataSpec\fC [protected]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 <<<EOF
url:            { req: true, type: string }
method:         { req: true, def: 'GET', type: ['GET','POST','PUT','DELETE'] }
response:   { req: true, def: [], type: 'array' }
template:       { req: false, type: 'string' }
script:     { req: false, type: 'array' }
style:      { req: false, type: 'array' }
headers:     { req: false, type: 'array' }
EOF
.fi
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBApiApplication\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file ModuleController.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
