.TH "Utopia::Components::Model::MysqliDso" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Utopia::Components::Model::MysqliDso \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP ($config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__destruct\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetConnection\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbegin\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommit\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrollback\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexecute\fP (\fBMysqliQuery\fP $q)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetData\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$_stmt\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdisconnect\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrefValues\fP ($arr)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 7 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct ($config)"constructor
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$host\fP 
.br
\fI$user\fP 
.br
\fI$passwd\fP 
.br
\fI$db\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 20 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SS "__destruct ()"destructor
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 35 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "begin ()"start a datasource transaction
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
self 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 85 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SS "commit ()"commit a datasource transaction
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
self 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 100 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SS "disconnect ()\fC [protected]\fP"disconnect a connection
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SS "execute (\fBMysqliQuery\fP $q)"execute a mysql query
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$q\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 147 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SS "getConnection ()"establish persistent datasource connection
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
connection object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 46 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SS "reset ()"void statment object 
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file MysqliDso.php.
.SS "rollback ()"rollback a datasource transaction
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
self 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 114 of file MysqliDso.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
