.TH "Utopia::Components::Template::Template" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Utopia::Components::Template::Template \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__construct\fP (ServiceContainer $sc, \fBAutoload\fP $autoload)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetEngineConfigs\fP (array $configs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetEngineConfig\fP ($enginename, array $config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetRenderEngine\fP ($engineName)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetApplication\fP ($app)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsetTemplate\fP ($template)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrender\fP (array $array=array(), $jscss=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrenderSmarty\fP (array $array=array(), $jscss)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrenderPhp\fP (array $array=array(), $jscss)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBsetCacheEnabled\fP ($flag)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdisplayVariable\fP ($var, $d=null)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$sc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$autoload\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fB$CACHE_ENABLED\fP = false"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 11 of file Template.php.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__construct (ServiceContainer $sc, \fBAutoload\fP $autoload)"constructor
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$sc\fP 
.br
\fI$autoload\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Template.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "displayVariable ($var, $d = \fCnull\fP)\fC [protected]\fP"display variables depends on what it is used inside individual templates, ie {{$d->xxx}} TODO: use this to handle translation as well
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$var\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 276 of file Template.php.
.SS "render (array $array = \fCarray()\fP, $jscss = \fCtrue\fP)"perform rendering by supplying array
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$array\fP 
.br
\fI$jscss\fP whether to render js/css 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 115 of file Template.php.
.SS "renderPhp (array $array = \fCarray()\fP, $jscss)"render pages using native php
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$array\fP inputs 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 172 of file Template.php.
.SS "renderSmarty (array $array = \fCarray()\fP, $jscss)"render pages using smarty template engine
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$array\fP inputs 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 130 of file Template.php.
.SS "setApplication ($app)"setup application object for parameter parsing
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$app\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
$this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 92 of file Template.php.
.SS "static setCacheEnabled ($flag)\fC [static]\fP"set where the cache file locates
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$dir\fP set where the cache file locates
.br
\fI$dir\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Template.php.
.SS "setEngineConfig ($enginename, array $config)"for dependency injection to insert configuration parameters
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$config\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
$this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file Template.php.
.SS "setRenderEngine ($engineName)"set rendering engine name ('php', 'smarty')
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$engineName\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file Template.php.
.SS "setTemplate ($template)"set template file/string for display
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$template\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
$this; 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 104 of file Template.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
