.TH "Utopia::Components::Helper::PasswordHelper" 3 "Fri Mar 4 2011" "utopia3" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Utopia::Components::Helper::PasswordHelper \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBgencrumb\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBcheckcrumb\fP ($crumb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBeasyencrypt\fP ($string)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBeasydecrypt\fP ($string)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBhashgen\fP ($string)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBhashcheck\fP ($hash, $check)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBgenpassword\fP ($string)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBcheckpassword\fP ($encrypt, $raw)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 31 of file PasswordHelper.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static checkcrumb ($crumb)\fC [static]\fP"check crumb
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$crumb\fP input
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 55 of file PasswordHelper.php.
.SS "static checkpassword ($encrypt, $raw)\fC [static]\fP"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$encrypt\fP to check against 
.br
\fI$raw\fP current input
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file PasswordHelper.php.
.SS "static easydecrypt ($string)\fC [static]\fP"not too secure decryption
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$string\fP to decrypt 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 95 of file PasswordHelper.php.
.SS "static easyencrypt ($string)\fC [static]\fP"not too secure decryption
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$string\fP to decrypt 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 82 of file PasswordHelper.php.
.SS "static gencrumb ()\fC [static]\fP"generate crumb
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 40 of file PasswordHelper.php.
.SS "static genpassword ($string)\fC [static]\fP"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP to generate password
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 136 of file PasswordHelper.php.
.SS "static hashcheck ($hash, $check)\fC [static]\fP"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhash\fP to check 
.br
\fIstring\fP to check against
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file PasswordHelper.php.
.SS "static hashgen ($string)\fC [static]\fP"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstring\fP to hash
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 111 of file PasswordHelper.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for utopia3 from the source code.
